Prototype removing old PennyLane core (#1100)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/code/qml_tape.rst

qml.tape
========

> Quantum tapes are responsible for recording quantum operations, executing devices, or computing
> gradients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quantum tapes represent quantum circuits in PennyLane. They are queuing contexts that can record quantum operations, execute devices, and compute gradients.
```

Author: ha I think you picked up that I was trying to avoid saying 'quantum tapes represent quantum circuits', because I don't want developers to think tapes==circuits --- tapes are more of a superset.

How about?

> Quantum tapes are a datastructure that can represent quantum circuits and measurement statistics in PennyLane. They are queuing contexts that can record quantum operations, execute devices, and compute gradients.

Author: ```suggestion
Quantum tapes are a datastructure that can represent quantum circuits and measurement statistics in PennyLane. They are queuing contexts that can record quantum operations, execute devices, and compute gradients.
```

In addition to being created internally by QNodes, quantum tapes can also be created,
nested, expanded (via :meth:`~.QuantumTape.expand`), and executed manually. Tape subclasses also provide

> additional gradient methods:

Reviewer: I think this is outdated?

Author: oops, I think I deleted the autosummary by accident 🤦 
```suggestion
additional gradient methods:

.. autosummary::

    ~pennylane.tape.QuantumTape
    ~pennylane.tape.QubitParamShiftTape
    ~pennylane.tape.CVParamShiftTape
    ~pennylane.tape.ReversibleTape
```

Finally, quantum tapes are fully compatible with autodifferentiating via NumPy/Autograd,
TensorFlow, and PyTorch.

.. warning::

    Unless you are a PennyLane or plugin developer, you likely do not need
    to use these classes directly.

    See the :doc:`quantum circuits <../introduction/circuits>` page for more
    details on creating QNodes, as well as the :func:`~pennylane.qnode` decorator

>     and :func:`~pennylane.QNode` constructor.

Reviewer: I wonder if the relation between qnodes and tapes is a bit confusing in this doc?
